I have the following further questions for you:


TODO explain once more

1. Can you confirm that the fundraiser will be the Primary recipient in an Instant Chained payment & you will collect your fees as Secondary recipient please?  We will require you to set up the payment in this way, as per our Crowdfunding application guidelines;  https://developer.paypal.com/webapps/developer/docs/classic/lifecycle/crowdfunding/, so that the seller is the Merchant of Record in the case of any Chargebacks or Refunds.  Please amend your selections in the 'Services used by app' -- 'Adaptive Payments' -- 'Chained Payments' section of your submission to reflect this.

  NO, we are making use of elayed chained payments.

2. As Crowdfunding is a heavily regulated area, could you answer the following questions please.  Your best guesses or estimates will suffice:

a. Will the projects on your platform collect cross-border payments?  Please specify the exact countries you expect to receive payments and projects from.
  YES; mainly from Turkey, The Netherlands and other European countries, U.S.A., Canada, Australia and Japan.

b. Do Donors receive any reward or gain for donations?  If so, can you give us examples of what these would be please (expected rewards and values would be fine)?
  NO; they do not. The 'donors' are basically giving a gift to a friend of his/hers.

c. What is the expected dollar amount per project?
  We have set a maximum of a 1000Euros. However the user is free in specifiyin an upper limit (which still has to be under 1000).

d. What is the maximum contribution allowed?  Please note that PayPal would require a maximum contribution limit of $2,000.
  see answer c.

e. What will be the typical timeframe of the projects?
  We expect it to be aroun 30 days in average but we have defined a maximum of 90 days.

f. How many projects are allowed per fundraiser at one time?  Your best estimate for the expected value will suffice.
  Unlimited

g. How many projects are allowed per fundraiser per year?  Your best estimate for the expected value will suffice.
  Unlimited

h. What is the number of payments allowed per donor per project?  Your best estimate for the expected value will suffice.
  Unlimited

i. Do you have any internal processes for Anti Money Laundering monitoring or Project Vetting?
  Unlimited

3. Please provide a Live URL for your business.
  https://www.opotto.com
  https://www.sirket.com

4. Finally, as Crowdfunding is an advanced Business Model, we will need to conduct a Business Review requiring the following information:

-           A Cert. of Incorporation or similar document showing your company as a registered business entity
  TODO sirket ac

-           Proof of Identity of the Account Holder.  This can be a Passport, Drivers License or other Government-issued photoID.
  TODO passport fotokopi

-           Please attach a scan of the above documentation to the ‘Business Information’ section of the submission form.
  TODO sirket ac



Thanks & Regards,

Celine